README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1531849430/4246/blob-sunglasses.gif?1531849430" width="30"/> Hello! I'm Kunal Parkhade<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/12oufCB0MyZ1Go/giphy.gif" width="50"></h1>
<h3 align="center">🚀 Cloud & DevOps Engineer | 🧠 Machine Learning Practitioner | 📍 India</h3>


<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:kunalparkhade@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-kunalparkhade%40gmail.com-red?style=flat&logo=gmail"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kunal-parkhade-6157b8240/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Kunal%20Parkhade-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@kunalparkhade"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-Blog-black?style=flat&logo=medium"></a>
  <a href="https://kunalparkhade.github.io/Kunal-Parkhade-Resume/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Resume-View-green?style=flat&logo=adobeacrobatreader"></a>
</p>

---

### 🌟 About Me
I'm a **Cloud & DevOps Engineer** and **Machine Learning Practitioner** passionate about automating, optimizing, and scaling real-world systems.  
Currently, I'm working as an **Intern (since March 2025)** where I:
- Implemented **Terraform IaC**, **GitHub Actions CI/CD**, and **OIDC authentication** for secure automation  
- Built and deployed scalable applications using **AWS services** (IAM, ECS, Lambda, S3, CloudWatch, RDS, etc.)  
- Containerized applications with **Docker** and integrated **OpenTelemetry & Jaeger** for full observability  
- Collaborated across teams to ensure smooth DevOps workflows and continuous improvement  

I enjoy bridging **AI + Cloud + Automation**, experimenting with modern DevOps tools, and sharing learnings through my blogs.

---

### 🧠 Tech Stack & Tools

| Domain | Technologies |
|:--|:--|
| ☁️ **Cloud & DevOps** | **AWS:** IAM, EC2, VPC, ECS, ECR, Lambda, S3, RDS, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, CloudFormation, Route 53, SNS, Secrets Manager, Systems Manager (SSM), DynamoDB, Elastic Beanstalk, STS, OIDC integration. <br> **IaC & Automation:** Terraform, AWS CLI, Boto3 SDK. <br> **CI/CD & Containers:** GitHub Actions, Docker. <br> **Monitoring & Observability:** OpenTelemetry, Jaeger, Prometheus, Grafana. |
| 🤖 **Machine Learning** | Python, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Jupyter, BentoML |
| 🧩 **Programming & Frameworks** | Python, C++, SQL, FastAPI, Streamlit |
| 🧰 **Other Tools** | Git, Linux (Ubuntu/Red Hat), VS Code, Postman, Slack |

---
### 🎯 Goals for 2025
- 🧩 Build Production-grade Machine Learning Project 
- ☁️ Achieve **AWS Certified DevOps Engineer** and **AWS ML Specialty** certifications.   
- ✍️ Publish **atleast 10+ technical articles** on Medium.  
- 💬 Mentor aspiring engineers in Cloud & AI.

---

### 🧩 Stats & Activity

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=KunalParkhade&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" height="160"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=KunalParkhade&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Languages" height="160"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=KunalParkhade&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak Stats" />
</p>


---
### 💬 Let’s Connect
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kunal-parkhade/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?logo=linkedin&style=flat"></a>
  <a href="mailto:kunalparkhade@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Say%20Hi-red?logo=gmail&style=flat"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@kunalparkhade"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-Read%20My%20Blogs-black?logo=medium&style=flat"></a>
</p>

---

<h2><p align="center">
  <b>💡 “Automate → Monitor → Optimize → Scale”</b><br>
  🌱 Always learning. Always building.
</p>
</h2>

Commit message:

Enhance README with new tools and updates
Updated the README to include Lambda and EventBridge for cost tracking and removed Red Hat from the Linux distribution.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1531849430/4246/blob-sunglasses.gif?1531849430" width="30"/> Hello! I'm Kunal Parkhade<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/12oufCB0MyZ1Go/giphy.gif" width="50"></h1>
<h3 align="center">🚀 Cloud & DevOps Engineer | 🧠 Machine Learning Practitioner | 📍 India</h3>


<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:kunalparkhade@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-kunalparkhade%40gmail.com-red?style=flat&logo=gmail"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kunal-parkhade-6157b8240/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Kunal%20Parkhade-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@kunalparkhade"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-Blog-black?style=flat&logo=medium"></a>
  <a href="https://kunalparkhade.github.io/Kunal-Parkhade-Resume/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Resume-View-green?style=flat&logo=adobeacrobatreader"></a>
</p>

---

### 🌟 About Me
I'm a **Cloud & DevOps Engineer** and **Machine Learning Practitioner** passionate about automating, optimizing, and scaling real-world systems.  
Currently, I'm working as an **Intern (since March 2025)** where I:
- Implemented **Terraform IaC**, **GitHub Actions CI/CD**, **Lambda and EventBridge** for Cost Tracking to Slack and **OIDC authentication** for secure automation  
- Built and deployed scalable applications using **AWS services** (IAM, ECS, Lambda, S3, CloudWatch, RDS, etc.)  
- Containerized applications with **Docker** and integrated **OpenTelemetry & Jaeger** for full observability  
- Collaborated across teams to ensure smooth DevOps workflows and continuous improvement  

I enjoy bridging **AI + Cloud + Automation**, experimenting with modern DevOps tools, and sharing learnings through my blogs.

---

### 🧠 Tech Stack & Tools

| Domain | Technologies |
|:--|:--|
| ☁️ **Cloud & DevOps** | **AWS:** IAM, EC2, VPC, ECS, ECR, Lambda, S3, RDS, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, CloudFormation, Route 53, SNS, Secrets Manager, Systems Manager (SSM), DynamoDB, Elastic Beanstalk, STS, OIDC integration. <br> **IaC & Automation:** Terraform, AWS CLI, Boto3 SDK. <br> **CI/CD & Containers:** GitHub Actions, Docker. <br> **Monitoring & Observability:** OpenTelemetry, Jaeger, Prometheus, Grafana. |
| 🤖 **Machine Learning** | Python, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Jupyter, BentoML |
| 🧩 **Programming & Frameworks** | Python, C++, SQL, FastAPI, Streamlit |
| 🧰 **Other Tools** | Git, Linux (Ubuntu), VS Code, Postman, Slack |

---
### 🎯 Goals for 2025
- 🧩 Build Production-grade Machine Learning Project 
- ☁️ Achieve **AWS Certified DevOps Engineer** and **AWS ML Specialty** certifications.   
- ✍️ Publish **atleast 10+ technical articles** on Medium.  
- 💬 Mentor aspiring engineers in Cloud & AI.

---

### 🧩 Stats & Activity

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=KunalParkhade&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" height="160"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=KunalParkhade&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Languages" height="160"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=KunalParkhade&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak Stats" />
</p>


---
### 💬 Let’s Connect
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kunal-parkhade/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?logo=linkedin&style=flat"></a>
  <a href="mailto:kunalparkhade@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Say%20Hi-red?logo=gmail&style=flat"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@kunalparkhade"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-Read%20My%20Blogs-black?logo=medium&style=flat"></a>
</p>

---

<h2><p align="center">
  <b>💡 “Automate → Monitor → Optimize → Scale”</b><br>
  🌱 Always learning. Always building.
</p>
</h2>
